
This package contains classes which try to estimate Jane Jacobs' measures of
diversity and mixture around a (latitude,longitude) of a point in the city
where vehicular traffic passes. For example, to estimate Jane Jacobs'
measures of diversity and mixture around intersections of avenues or streets,
or bus stops, etc.

Ie., their purpose is to measure what Jane Jacobs wrote in her book 'The
Death and Life of Great American Cities' on Urban Planning, in chapter 7,
'The Generators of Diversity':

    To understand cities, we have to deal outright with combinations
    or mixtures of uses, not separate uses, as the essential phenomena
    ... A mixture of uses, if it is to be sufficiently complex to
    sustain city safety, public contact and cross-use, needs an
    enormous diversity of ingredients. So the first question -and by
    far the most important question- about planning cities is this:
    How can cities generate enough mixture among uses -enough diversity-
    throughout enough of their territories, to sustain their own
    civilization? It is all very well to castigate the Great Blight of
    Dullness and to understand why it is destructive to city life, but
    in itself this does not get us far... Consider the problem posed
    by the street with the pretty sidewalk park in Baktimore, which I
    mentioned back in Chapter Three. My friend from the street, Mrs.
    Kostriksky, is quite right when she reasons that it needs some
    commerce for its users' convenience. And as might be expected,
    inconvenience and lack of public street life are only two of the
    by-roducts of residential monotony here. Danger is another -fear
    of the streets after dark. Some people fear to be alone in their
    houses by day since the occurrence of two nasty daytime assaults.
    Moreover, the place lacks commercial choices as well as any
    cultural interest. We can see very well how fatal is its monotony.
    But having said this, then what? The missing diversity,
    convenience, interest and vitality do not spring forth because the
    area needs their benefits. Anybody who started a retail enterprise
    here, for example, would be stupid. He could not make a living. To
    wish a vital urban life might somehow spring up here is to play
    with daydreams. The place is an economic desert.

